2+ years of Javascript / Typescript development experience - this must include React and related libraries (React Router, Redux, Jest, Enzyme, Storybook etc.).
You should also be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment that grants you the autonomy to make important decisions.
An eye for design, and experience building data-intensive, analytical interfaces is a bonus.
Working experience as a Front-end developer, using one of the main frameworks (Vue, React, Angular)
Good knowledge and understanding of HTML5, CSS3.
Experience with state management libraries like Redux, Vuex
Working experience with FE apps / SPAs utilising an API
Experience with secure coding principles and Front end unit testing
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
Team player is an absolute must
An ability to perform well in a fast-paced dynamic environment
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills
Understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) is a nice to have
In-depth knowledge of ReactJS and a strong understanding of component-based UI development using Atomic Design Pattern.
Working experience with GraphQL using Apollo and proficiency in JavaScript and/or TypeScript.
Familiarity with Google Maps API and modern front-end tooling.
Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) with the ability to write unit tests, integration tests, and UI automated tests.
Comfortable working with CI/CD and Git proficiency.
Analytical mindset and ability to document code using living standards.
5+ years of frontend programming experience, from which 2+ years React - Must
Strong knowledge of Javascript and Typescript
Fast learner: you can quickly master concepts, disciplines, and methods.
Team player, with great communication skills
Experience working with geospatial data - an advantage
Experience building large-scale infrastructure applications or similar experience.
5+ years of experience in development.
3+ years experience with Angular2+.
Extensive programming experience in modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Good experience in TypeScript, Angular CLI, and RxJS.
Experience consuming REST APIs.
Good software engineering fundamentals (data structures, OOP, algorithms, etc.).
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Highly organized with precise attention to detail.
Ability to work well with others in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Desire to learn and adapt to new requirements.
Good spoken and written English.
Strong Full Stack JavaScript experience with Node and Angular.
Leadership experience is desired.
Passion and interest in all things AR/VR!
5+ years of experience in Development
Experience with JavaScript and React.JS
Experience with Craft CMS (Drupal or Yii2 experience would also be considered)
Knowledge/understanding of PHP
Strong understanding of database design and optimization
Familiarity with agile development methodologies
Architect, design and develop the front end code and base for the customer-facing platform and internal business tools
Collaborate with backend engineers to design a modern API
Develop technical solutions to user problems with other engineering teams and leadership
Focus on functionality, performance, usability, aesthetics, and discoverability
Deep understanding of web development with: Typescript, JavaScript, NodeJS and AWS.
Over 6 years experience in software development.
Strong preference for clean, maintainable code.
Team player.
Experience building end-to-end solutions.
Collaborate with back-end developers to determine solutions that easily integrate with new and/or existing API into the front-end of a website
Creating, maintaining, debugging, and optimizing JavaScript, HTML and CSS
Implement website designs based on client approved mockups with advanced front-end coding using a combination of HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript/jQuery that will deliver an optimized user experience using WordPress
Design, develop and deliver code that is necessary to support new feature developments and enhancements in an agile environment
Recommend approaches to streamline, automate, and/or integrate technological processes and systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness.
Design solutions, write code, perform unit testing, develop appropriate artifacts / documentation, and facilitate final delivery.
Reviews and tests technical changes and documents modifications required as a result of the upgrade
Develop a functional understanding of our leading-edge IoT system
Work closely with the System Development team to define the UI requirements for function and usability
Produce high quality and detailed UI mock-ups, User Story Boards, and document process flows/rules
4+ years of Front-End Development (Angular) experience is required.
University degree in Computer Science or IT is required
Must have worked with latest versions of Angular
Must have good knowledge of Java Script, C#, HTML/CSS
Knowledge of WPF is an added advantage
Understands how modern frameworks impact web indexing/performance/ranking and how to mitigate such issues.
Required experience with: HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, NPM, Gulp/grunt, LESS or SASS.
Experience working with CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap CSS or Foundation 6 CSS.
Experienced doing website animations either through CSS3 and/or JavaScript libraries.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
4+ years of frontend engineering experience with a proven track record of delivering features and shipping products lightning-fast
Meaningful and solid experience in frontend development with JS, React, HTML, CSS, Redux, Saga and Typescript
Strong knowledge of CSS and experience with implementing pixel-perfect designs and MaterialUI
Excellent product instincts and the ability to think about users first
Proven problem-solving skills and the ability to take initiative and make things happen
Start-up experience at a high-growth company and a passion for working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
3+ years of professional development experience
Good knowledge of blockchain, DeFi platforms, Ethereum and other protocols
Working knowledge of React/ React Native, Node.js, Ethers.js, Web3.js
Work effectively with a high degree of autonomy within a collaboratively minded team
4+ years of frontend engineering experience with a proven track record of delivering features and shipping products lightning-fast
Meaningful and solid experience in frontend development with JS, React, HTML, CSS, Redux, Saga and Typescript
Strong knowledge of CSS and experience with implementing pixel-perfect designs and MaterialUI
Excellent product instincts and the ability to think about users first
Proven problem-solving skills and the ability to take initiative and make things happen
Start-up experience at a high-growth company and a passion for working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Working experience as a Front-end developer, using one of the main frameworks (Vue, React, Angular)
Good knowledge and understanding of HTML5, CSS3.
Experience with state management libraries like Redux, Vuex
Working experience with FE apps / SPAs utilising an API
Experience with secure coding principles and Front end unit testing
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
Team player is an absolute must
An ability to perform well in a fast-paced dynamic environment
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills
Understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) is a nice to have
2+ years of experience
Knowledge of ReactJS/MobX, JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript
Experience with NodeJS
Experience with HTML5 and CSS
Working knowledge of Git or other version control system
Agile/Scrum development cycle understanding
Excellent communication skills and being able to work independently or in a full team
Good written and verbal English and Polish skills
Ability to effectively plan and organize
BS degree / 2-4 years of professional relevant experience
Solid understanding of software engineering techniques, methodologies and practices (data structure, OOP, algorithmic problem solving skill)
Deep understanding of client-server network applications
Experience integrating with Rest API
Notable skill-set with JavaScript (ES5/ES6+) and/or Typescript
Solid knowledge and proven experience with Angular2+ or other latest front-end frameworks (React, Vue, etc)
Expertise in HTML5 and CSS3
Experience with adaptive web design (AWD)
5 years professional experience

- Solid understanding of responsive design principles.

- Highly proficient in JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS and modern front-end frameworks and standards.

- Solid experience in building desktop applications using Electron, React, React Native, Redux, jest, express, pug, npm, Yarn, Gulp, Webpack, Accessibility etc

- Experience in building high-performance interactive charting with Canvas, SVG and WebGL components using popular JavaScript frameworks like D3.js

- Solid experience in building applications that use REST, WebSocket & GraphQL APIs.

- Good understanding of cross-browser and cross-platform (Windows & macOS) compatibility issues and ways to work around them.

- Develop high-performance interactive charting with Javascript and related technologies (canvas, svg, webgl).

- Familiarity with server-side or server-less technologies like Node.js, Lambda functions

- Familiarity with IaC (Infrastructure as Code) process and frameworks like AWS CDK, serverless, terraform etc

- Self-starter with a high attention to detail.

- Good communication and presentation skills.

- Provide significant technical leadership and direction for our front-end engineers.