3-5 years professional experience in Web Development, ideally WordPress
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a similar field
Production grade experience in technologies incl. CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery
Knowledge of code versioning tools including Git, Mercurial, and SVN
Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug
Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics
Ability to manage projects end to end, and collaborate with multiple disciplines (e.g. Marketing, Engineering)
Excellent communication skills, in English
Experience with A/B testing tools like : VWO, A/B Tasty, Adobe Target etc
Experience with AWS (incl. EC2, S3 and API Gateway)
Experience with Stripe APIs
SEO related work
Start-Up experience (VC-backed and/or at Growth stage)
Experience working in project-related domains (Construction, Infrastructure, Energy, Aerospace)
Knowledge with PHP, Symfony 4, REST APIs
Powerful OOP and SOLID principles
Experience in hexagonal architecture
Experience with legacy php applications and refactoring it
Knowledge working with MySQL
Knowledge working with Git
You are an excellent team player
Ability to work well under time constraints and self-learning capabilities.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
You have a bachelor or higher degree with at least 10 years of professional web development experience.
You have experience in leading teams and planning sprints.
You have hands-on full stack web development expertise.
You are proficient in JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML, CSS, React and SQL.
Ideally also you are experienced in Python, GraphQL, and Postgres
You have experience in working with AWS
You have professional experience in working with product and design (UX/UI) following an agile software development workflow.
Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role
Experienced in setting up and managing QA efforts
Familiarity with common stacks
Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery)
Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Node.js)
Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Great attention to detail
Organizational skills
An analytical mind
3-4 years experience in web development
Experience with CMS platforms (Joomla / Wordpress / Drupal)
Experience using OOP concepts, in particular PHP
Knowledge of MVC web frameworks (Laravel CakePHP CodeIgniter)
JavaScript frameworks (backbone.js / node.js / angular.js)
Excellent knowledge of JS, HTML & CSS
Attention to detail & passion for creating great web user experiences
Comfortable with IDE environments (Aptana / Eclipse or similar)
Comfortable with source code platforms (git / github) and experience with git workflows
Comfortable working with Linux, Apache and MySQL.
Strong level of spoken and written English
Self‐motivated and driven team player
Eagerness to learn and collaborate
Out of the box thinker
Independent and responsible
Results oriented